{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red29\green30\blue31;\red255\green255\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh8480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thanks for downloading this free resource! Yeap, it\'92s free for personal and commercial use!
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You can also check out our premium fonts in the following link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativemarket.com/VladCristea?u=VladCristea"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://creativemarket.com/VladCristea?u=VladCristea}}\

\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We hope you enjoy using them in your projects. We would like to see the end result of your work, so feel free to share it with us.\
Website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.graphicdelivery.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.graphicdelivery.com}}\
Facebook: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/graphicdelivery/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://www.facebook.com/graphicdelivery/}}\
Instagram: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.instagram.com/graphicdelivery/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://www.instagram.com/graphicdelivery/}}\
Twitter: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/cristea_va"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://twitter.com/cristea_va}}\
Pinterest: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nl.pinterest.com/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://nl.pinterest.com/cristeavlad/}}
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0\'a0\'a0
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Happy design,
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic Delivery team
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
--------
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b\fs24 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Right of use
\fs26 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are allowed to use this resource for personal and commercial projects for yourself or your client. You may modify the resources according to your requirements and include them into projects such as websites, apps, printed design and others.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You do not need to ask permission or provide credit to us, although it is appreciated when possible.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \cb3 Prohibited conduct
\b0\fs26 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
By downloading and using this resource, you acknowledge you do not have the rights to (re)sell, sublicense or redistribute (even for free) the files on their own or as a separate attachment. If you wish to promote our resources, you must link back to the resource page where users can find the download, and not directly to the download file.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}